{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11260\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 User opens the page and can either\
\
	a) View the high score leaderboard\
		\cf2 High scores will be recorded in local storage\cf0 \
	b) Push the button and start the game\
		\cf2 Pushing the button will cause an o\'92clock event that will initialize two functions, one to start 		the timer and another to start the questions to present.\cf0 \
\
If User chooses a., go to page with leaderboard. (User will be able to add their initials and score pairing at the end of the game).\
		\cf2 Leaderboard will have to have some navigation to go back to the landing page\cf0 \
\
If User chooses b., (by pressing the Start Quiz button), go to first question and start timer.\
\
Beginning of question cycle\
		\cf2 Questions will stored as an array of objects in the questions.js file. Most likely \'93If True, 		continue to next question. If false, function to deduct time from the timer, then continue on 		to next question. Prompts for correct or incorrect answers to appear in the same field 		accordingly.\cf0 \
\
	If question is answered correctly, prompt a \'93correct\'94 response.\
	\'97> continue to next question\
\
	If question is answered incorrectly, prompt a \'93wrong\'94 response. Deduct time from the timer.\
	\'97> continue to next question\
\
Repeat question cycle until all questions have been answered or the timer runs out.\
		\cf2 Reload fields with new question arrays?\cf0 \
\
End of Game\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Timer stops \cf2 //recognize and of game and turn remaining time into a string\cf0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Time remaining is declared \cf2 // Time string printed in space provided\cf0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}User types initials into text area \cf2 // Make text area a value, \'93initials, JF\'94 for example\cf0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Once initials are submitted, initials and score pairing is added to the leaderboard \cf2 // Like the ToDo list exercise, printed high score + initials pairs added to leaderboard\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}